(gentle piano music)
Welcome! You’re in the right place
if you’re a manager looking to learn about
how to make responsible use of public funds.
There are many reasons why managers
like you might take this course.
You might be a new manager who’s new
at financial delegation.
You could be an experienced manager
but new to government
and looking to leverage your experience.
Maybe you just came back from a parental leave
and you could really use a refresher.
Or perhaps you’re an experienced manager in
government and you need to recertify every 5 years
in order to continue exercising
your financial delegation.
Maybe you just really want to get to the test!
Whatever brought you here,
you’re in charge of your own learning.
Think of this as a “choose your own adventure”
kind of experience and take what you need
in order to succeed. If all you need
is to take the test because
you’re already pretty familiar with the content,
then, by all means, start with that.
If you just need an overview or a refresher,
then simply review the key messages
of each phase to get to the key highlights and tools.
You'll also want to make use
of the handy features on your screen,
like the toolbox on the top right,
which has tools and resources
to help you on the job.
If you’re learning this for the first time,
then take the time to go through each section,
do the in-depth learning activities,
and review the tools and resources.
We promise it’s worth the effort!
You’re probably wondering about the test.
Passing the test for this course is mandatory
before you can exercise financial delegation.
The passing grade is 80% for each of the sections.
Each section should take you
around 15 to 20 minutes to complete.
You can access course materials during the test
and you can take it as many times as you need.
In the end, how you use this course
is really up to you!
It will remain accessible to you so
you can come back to consult different sections
and tools, whatever you need on the job!
We’re rooting for you!
Because when you steward public funds well,
you succeed in your career.
And, more importantly, you serve Canadians well,
with transparency and accountability.
And that’s the bottom line.